that's not liking to set okay the next
five years I'm going to be the regular
being in the moment
oh yeah so I used to think whatever you
want to be be in the motet car you
cannot just be an athlete in the moment
it's yours either part where you cannot
just be a painter or a sculptor in the
moment you cannot just be a medical
doctor in the moment and let's take it
back to language learning
you cannot speak loshon or you cannot
speak Thai or Bernie's or Sinha Lee's or
any of those languages in the moment
years and years of hard work dedication
over a period of decades and you know
what you can't be any age in politics in
the moment because politics you deal
with things that is a legacy going back
at least a hundred years and you got to
look forward a hundred years old so you
got to know the history you got into the
historical context you got into the
background politically to what's going
on and you got to think about
consequences those things take place on
a totally different [ __ ] time scale
but even picking with even sticking with
your shitty choice of examples ted car
no [ __ ] you meet and talk to a real
sculptor so much put in the time had
their hands torn up bowling glass
have you met and talked to glass blowers
I have have you men talk to people who
work with [ __ ] bronze casting [ __ ]
Jesus Christ that I was going to be a
writer
I was going to be a writer but before
right the techno again this is bent so
he just said before his dream was he was
going to be a writer and then he put in
great he was going to be a writer and
actually his bio the only bio Department
refers to that that he spent so many
hours today working on his writing
okay and this is the sense in which his
philosophy it's probably supposed to be
recommendations for you because you take
his advice so seriously but it always
seems to come back to it's so tightly
bound to the self-justification the fact
that he's a [ __ ] loser that he never
became a successful writer he's never
written anything that anyone wanted to
read or buy or publish right Ted so now
we're going to get the justification for
why he wanted to be a writer but he
didn't have any ambition so he dropped
at a university and he's never really
written anything he just takes off his
shirt on YouTube further was pens and
pencils you want a writer you you leave
an artist who did some cave paintings
burro's no identities were able as he's
a writer she's a writer
they are writer don't even have to come
up with Owen I'm going to be a writer
we would really had a technology they
were the technology Chris came out then
people started to adopt that their job
title in daily I'm going to be a writer
so now we're moving away from the pen
and paper a lot of kids earlier on a
right anymore they're leaning to type on
iPads learning to read write on iPads on
iphone the whole manner of his [ __ ]
speaking here I'm just saying this was
sometimes being face to face I would
just stand up and walk out of the room I
wouldn't insult him I wouldn't criticize
me would reply to any of this I would
just leave the room okay Ted so this is
why you you gave up on your life stream
on your ambition you're incredibly
modest ambition of being a writer right
that's what I'm hearing here right and
why everybody else should just be a
[ __ ] dropout loser with no ambition
like yourself what everyone else should
go to Thailand and live a fruitarian
diet and live for their joy in the
moment blah blah blah instead of
pursuing their vision critique of
identity that being a writer's yeah you
know what you know what Ted I've known
people who are professional writers and
they had ambition and they had pride in
the fact that they had a resume they had
a CV where they could walk into an
office of a for-profit business in
Hollywood and say I'm a writer I want to
work for you I wanted to they could role
walk into a newspaper office and be
taken seriously yeah you know what some
people have that as an identity tape
because they made the sacrifice they
paid the price they have years and years
of hard work and pursuit of that
ambition and they have a resume that
says I am a writer even if they had to
work in a coffee shop or do other jobs
etc etc so they could pursue that dream
where they had an ambition and a dream
that drove them and the result is they
take on that identity of saying I am a
professional writer that's something
you're never going to understand Ted
because you're a professional loser on
permanent vacation so eventually has to
be feasible
it could be feasible together not say
will be for sure but it definitely the
pen no no Ted it'll never be phased out
altogether never even though there's so
little money in writing even though many
of those people have to resonates
people are going to have a CD that says
I'm a writer I want to be taken
seriously here's why and you'll never
understand that 10 because again as far
as I know you're just a born rich loser
you're just a Bruce Wayne who never had
any interest in becoming Batman just say
- because I just said I've met a lot of
rich people doing humanitarian work met
rich people in museums and even when you
met rich people didn't really understand
what they were doing or why when you met
a rich person who was donating money to
an art gallery because they wanted to
provide art education to poor children
like really those people exist and you
think is this really the best way to
spend millions of dollars teaching
children how to paint a picture in
downtown Chicago or in Cambodia or
whatever share remember one example that
from Laos two people were raising money
donating money relate to art galleries
and Fine Arts you know whatever my
opinion is irrelevant you meet which
people and maybe their idea of how to
help the poor is kind of [ __ ] up it's
kind of ineffective there's also this
whole charity I could talk about where
they were obsessed with digging wells
digging wells to give people during
water and a lot of time it was like they
come to a village they already have
enough drinking water they don't need
any well and you're coming here and
digging a well and there were
environmental problems there problems
with the well water being poisoned there
were all these problems because they
these people didn't understand the the
actual scientific element you know what
though when you meet those people at
leat there are people who've inherited
money and they have some concept to
trying to make the world a better place
those people are infinitely better than
you take care you're making the world a
worse place and you're trying to pull
others in - you're [ __ ] pathetic
downward spiral of self justification
for why you've never even bothered
making the world a better place
Oh David that should it so in the future
there might not be writing and the way
of expressing yourself could just be to
making videos like this technology did
not exist maybe didn't very crude form
10-15 years ago go but now it's so
commonplace for zero two year-olds
making videos on their iPhone and four
year olds making snapchats and
everything it's crazy so video is a new
mode of expression and it's people are
tuning into people
we read anymore in these days when you
go to a news article website you see the
big paragraphs needs to be big chunks
paragraphs now paragraphs on your open
newsletter you go to a blog or something
paragraphs what why do you think you say
that Ted people hardly read anymore
these days could that be about you Ted
could it be that you hardly read any
more these days who who do you think
hardly reads anymore these days
Ted losers like you I know a lot of
people who read 10 I know a lot of
hard-working people who read then you
ain't want them so like a sentence each
each paragraph to the sentence paragraph
paragraph paragraph paragraph because
George swore short chunks of information
so watching videos typically breaking up
and it's just easier to passively
consume this information so anyways
that's point number one big point there
I used to express resent the writing now
I do it through video it's just so much
easier to pick up the pick up the camera
and film there is something magical
writing I love writing or editing
writing love making the sentences is
perfect but video is just so much easier
to get out there quickly and quick music
the second point I want to make though
is that we've heard this before but
let's see it in a different way and that
is we don't know what we've got till
it's gone they say you don't know what
you've got till it's gone like when you
go for breaks up a do you look I'm an
act I didn't know what I had until she
laughter when you've heard from but
except if you say oh I didn't know what
I had until he left and for the
gender-neutral P part there you say oh I
didn't know what I had until they left
and with raw food and cooked food
especially you know get animal products
the street I'm in right now I'm totally
just content I'm totally just I feel no
no no please neutral feel fine when we
first got our food like mister feeling
is totally always there some digestion
things going on or something fatigue
happening or so high that's happening
but when we grow up when you certificate
or normal after like you just become so
oblivious to how
you feel lonely you feel that you better
kind of just slip up and go back to cook
food to feel
oh [ __ ] like that's how you feel like we
don't Li appreciate the stability of
doing awkward debt and can't go back to
cook food and feel of rooms rather the
topic of this video is discovering your
life calling and career this has been
the longest four minutes of my life
trying to force myself to listen to Ted
car without interruption gonna bring it
back to my light motif and end this
video now I'm really glad I didn't
discover Ted car earlier in my youtube
career this is like [ __ ] kryptonite
to me this is like the antithesis of
everything I believe in and care about
man and it's it's within veganism and I
know it connects to a lot of other
things that people believe in and talked
about within because right ambition gets
a bit of a bad name because people so
often associate ambition with a narrow
focus on just earning as much money as
possible and that's really not the
meaning of the word okay
ambition can be many things whatever
your moral aspirations are in life
whatever your moral code may be it is
meaningless without ambition and on some
level I think it's genuinely dangerous
to have people like Ted Coe on the
internet glorifying a life devoted to
self-indulgence all ordered a life
devoted to short-term pleasures a life
totally devoid of ambition but a life
that is the same at the same time
praised and promoted as if it adhered to
the highest standards of morality as if
it represented the highest calling for
human being
imaginable as if the highest and
greatest and grandest thing you could
possibly do with your time with your
talent with your money is to resign
yourself to just being happy at any cost
as if the best thing you can do with
your adult life is to snuff out your
personal potential and commit now to the
permanent vacation ah ba Liu Yin